Regulations for exhaust emissions are tightening and customer
requirements for energy efficiency is increasing.
This incurs need for more efficient catalysts and higher
quality fuels and lubricants.
And a need for improved emission measurement
and monitoring techniques.
Testing these for large scale engines in real applications
is both expensive and slow.
Until now.
VTT has launched a test bench in Otaniemi, Finland.
This test bench can simulate real exhaust
gas conditions with unprecedented accuracy.
VTT test bench offers your product development an opportunity –
to perform realistic hardware testing –
in laboratory conditions.
Bringing testing accuracy, faster completion rates
and flexibility to your product development.
And with ten times lower cost compared
to the current testing methods.
We're ready for the next project.
Contact us at vtt.fi